This is the first piece of information we’ll see about you, so highlight your achievements. Here’s how to frame them:

Align your skills and experience with the job description.
Be specific about projects you’ve worked on or managed. What was the outcome? How did you measure success?
If you've had a leadership role, tell us about it. How big was the team? What was the scope of your work?
If you're a recent university graduate or have limited work experience, include school-related projects or coursework that demonstrate relevant skills and knowledge.
Keep it short: If there’s additional information (like a portfolio) we need during the hiring process, your recruiter will work with you to collect it.

Arun is a front-end web developer in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. He is passionate about Html,css,JavaScript, Sass, and cutting-edge front-end technologies. He is constantly finding new ways to apply both real time happenings around his environment into web development.

also a pianist and enjoys mathematics, and is 
Experience with modular CSS architecture: BEM, SMACSS, OOCSS etc.
Great attention to detail.
Make projects come alive through interactive elements like SVG and JS/CSS animations.


Ability to write high-performance, reusable code
Experience troubleshooting cross-browser compatibility issues
Our front-end developer will help us maintain a styleguide for writing SCSS, and contribute to building a growing boilerplate for new development projects.
http://wearelighthouse.com/jobs/front-end-developer/

Experienced with version control via Git/Github

You are obsessed over pixel perfect layouts and designs
handling between designers and developers

self convincing
google app engine
html js arun node

validation n form elememnts all
weakness multi tasking , not proper project expanation , judgemental sometimes, chasing rabbits

advantage curiosity, developing my myself in character code speaking
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/15-ways-hack-an-interview-lou-adler

As a senior frontend developer we expect you to have:
A minimum of 4 years of relevant experience
Experience with frontend tools like Stylus, SASS, LESS, Jade etc
Proficient knowledge of any popular JS framework like React, Backbone, Angular or Ember
Good understanding of REST API
Ability to build a feature from scratch & drive it to completion
A willingness to learn new technology, whatever lets you deliver the best product
Apart from these, we also expect the following, but we accept that you can be an absolutely great developer without fulfilling the below. So go ahead and apply even if the following aren’t applicable:

Have a few weekend side-projects up on GitHub
Have contributed to an open source project
Have worked at a product company
Have working knowledge of a backend programming language

Handson experience working with clientside templating languages like Handlebars, Mustache, etc. 

JavaScript

* At least one modern MVC-based JavaScript framework (Angular, Ember, Backbone, Knockout)

* node.js

* REST-ful API design; Spring framework a plus

* HTML5

* CSS (SASS/Compass a plus)

* Git

* A collaborative work ethic and the ability to work within a self-organized, cross functional team

* Familiarity with agile techniques

* Great communication skills

* Familiar with web server-side technologies, such as JSP, PHP, Ruby or Python

* Previous startup experience

* A degree in computer science or equivalent work experience

Required experience:

Associate Front End Engineer: 1-2 years’ experience or equivalent proficiency with the skills outlined above

Front End Engineer: 3-5 years’ experience or equivalent proficiency with the skills outlined above

Senior Front End Engineer: 5+ years’ experience or equivalent proficiency with the skills outlined above



·         Experience with using Photoshop. Ability to take a ---PSD and turn it into a working UI.

·         An encyclopaedic knowledge of browser quirks and their remedies

·         Knowledge of (and a passion for) current trends and best practices in front-end architecture, including performance, accessibility and usability

·         Passion for performance debugging and benchmarking

·         Design the architecture and develop mobile/desktop web app and websites.


